	Emotive words or known as emotive language advertising strategy is spotted in the advertisement. Emotive words can be defined as using the "positive" words to pursuase or affect the audiences to buy their products. In simple term, emotive word strategy is trying to evoke an emotional response from the audience based on the use of descriptive words.The emotive words advertising  mainly focuses on using the language with emotional appeal to affect the emotion of audiences and motivates audiences to respond to the products. The word "Share the Taste, Share the Passion" as seen in the advertisement is the catchy word that try to raise the emotion of the audiences by thinking of eating the foods can be a very happy process and share the foods with others will bring the joy between each other. Sharing the taste, sharing the passion will help to get a new perspective on the thing they love. Sharing will boost their wellbeing, and it lead to good social and emotional wellness. In conclusion, emotive word one of the common strategies that largely used in novels, poverty, and other forms of literature to make the audiences feel about something and get them to like, remember, buy or share the advertised products.


Humor strategy or ploy is spotted in the advertisement about the KFC. Humor can be defined as persuading the customers to buy the products and it will give happiness or feeling good in return to them. The word “Share The Taste, Share The Passion” as seen in the advertisement is the word that tries to attract the customer or persuade the customers to buy or eat the KFC products to taste the deliciousness and share the passion to surrounding people. It affects the overall mood of the audience, the audience will think about the eating process which will lead them to be very happy and likely, willingly to share their thoughts on the tastiness of the foods, and ask others to try it. The word can also be understood easily by everyone. Whenever there is a sharing, there is a smile. Humor is especially very good when using visual comparisons and metaphoric or idiomatic imagery or catchy words that people will understand quickly. The humor advertisement brings joy to the audiences as well as making them feel good by just looking at the advertisement and sticking it on their mind beyond the ad. In conclusion, humor strategy is one of the most common advertising ploys that can be spotted everywhere with an attractive and funny image or catchy words for the goodwill of the company.